"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work." - Steve Jobs
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." - Zig Ziglar
"In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact." - Les Brown